chore(upgrade): update upgrade README with 2.9.0 steps (#109)
openebs/upgrade: docs/upgrade.md

## CSPC pools

These instructions will guide you through the process of upgrading cStor CSPC pools from `1.10.0` or later to a newer release up to `2.9.0`.

### Prerequisites

Before upgrading the pools make sure the following prerequisites are taken care of:

 - Upgrade the control plane components by applying the desired version of cstor-operator from the [charts](https://github.com/openebs/charts/tree/gh-pages). 
 

>  **Note:** If upgrading the control plane from 2.4.0 or previous to 2.9.0 or above version please clean up the CSIDriver CR before applying the operator using the below command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **Note:** If upgrading the control plane from 2.4.0 or the previous versions to the latest version please clean up the CSIDriver CR before applying the operator using the below command.
```
